Adding admonition code to Style Guide. (#204)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/style-guide/style-conventions/index.md

The most common admonition is a note. A note provides additional information that the user should be aware of.

> The markdown syntax for a note is `> **Note**` and will appear in the published output as shown in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Markdown syntax for a note is `> **Note:**`. The note appears in the published output as follows:
```
